README.md, before:

psArticleRequest
=========

Notification tool if non-deliverable item is back in stock.
Free Module for OXID eShop.

Features

	If an product is out auf stock, new tab will be displayed on product details page.
	User can leave his email adress. If Product is available again, shop owner can send an
	email (using shop admin) with product availability information.

Installation

	1. copy content from copy_this folder into your shop root
	2. update database (execute copy_this/proudsourcing/psArticleRequest/sql/install.sql) 
	3. update views (shop admin --> service --> tools)
	4. activate module psArticleRequest in shop admin


Screenshot

![psArticleRequest](https://raw.github.com/proudcommerce/psArticleRequest/master/psArticleRequest_screenshot.png)
![psArticleRequest](https://raw.github.com/proudcommerce/psArticleRequest/master/psArticleRequest_screenshot_admin.png)


License

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
    

Copyright

	Proud Sourcing GmbH 2014
	www.proudcommerce.com

Commit message:

2016-11-29	2.0.0	Ready for OXID 4.10/5.3, New feature: auto notification for registered users

README.md, after:

psArticleRequest
=========

Notification tool if non-deliverable item is back in stock.
Free module for OXID eshop 4.7, 4.8, 4.9 and 4.10.

Features

	If an product is out auf stock, new tab will be displayed on product details page.
	User can leave his email adress. If Product is available again, shop owner can send an
	email (using shop admin) with product availability information.

Installation

	1. copy content from copy_this folder into your shop root
	2. activate module psArticleRequest in shop admin


Changelog

	2016-11-29	2.0.0	Ready for OXID 4.10/5.3, New feature: auto notification for registered users
	2015-04-02	1.1.0	Ready for OXID 4.9/5.2
	2014-06-03	1.0.0	Module release (OXID 4.7/4.8)
	

Screenshot

![psArticleRequest](https://raw.github.com/proudcommerce/psArticleRequest/master/psArticleRequest_screenshot.png)
![psArticleRequest](https://raw.github.com/proudcommerce/psArticleRequest/master/psArticleRequest_screenshot_admin.png)


License

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
    

Copyright

	Proud Sourcing GmbH 2016
	www.proudcommerce.com / www.proudsourcing.de
